SCORM is the existing standard that lets reusable, platform-agnostic content communicate data to the host LMS. In most cases this boils down to a single question: Has the user completed the content? And in most courses, this is really what you care about.

In many content authoring packages on the market today, SCORM and completion settings seem unnecessarily complicated, but they don't have to be.

In our tool we have made some fundamental assumptions based on years of experience in what customers want.

* The score of the course represents how much is completed (as a percentage).
* Learners may leave and return more than once before they complete. We remember where they are up to, even for most embedded content.
* Completion occurs either when the user views the last page, or gets to a certain point in the course (such as has completed 7 out of 10 pages).
* Tracking individual pages and satisfying objectives at a page level generally doesn't happen (it's usually done at a unit, course or activity level).

We keep things simple and assume there's only two ways to progress through a course. Either page-by-page in order (like a book) or any order (you can skip pages if you choose). So there's only two settings.

Plus, you can get a completion for watching some or all of a video, or viewing a SlideShare presentation. You can track how much of the media the user has watched and score the page based on that information.

You can use your LMS's SCORM tracking tool to examine how much of a video a user has watched, plus if they get more than (say) 75%, they get a completion too.
