* New button designs for consistency across the app.
* Add Content button now features the drag, upload, paste and cloud functions in one popup.
* Adding a new quiz selects it by default
* Items in the left hand list will scroll into view if required (e.g. selecting items)
* Import now a separate button
* When you have reset or are just starting, it pops up the "Add content" screen
* Added a new "page background" feature to set the background colour of supported pages (not the quiz though, yet). Converted docs, images, videos, slideshare should all work with this. Useful when your slide size doesn’t match the window.
* When importing a document that is split, take the average background colour and make it the page background. So if your slide is mostly blue background with white text, the page background should be blue as well. Previously this was white or black.
* Added new sounds to actions
* Changed "yes/no" confirmation on buttons (like reset) to be a more descriptive popup
* Unified popups to all have the same design and to block the window while they are open (so you can’t click on actions that might mess up what the popup is getting you to do)
* Changed the icons in the 'add documents' list so text lines up better
* Added shortcuts
* click an item once to view it
* double click an item to rename it (or press enter on it)
* pressing enter in edit mode saves the value and goes back to a regular link
* pressing escape in edit mode returns you to a regular link without saving
* use the up / down arrow keys to navigate between items
* use the left / right arrow keys to change the indenting of items
* hold shift and use the up / down arrow keys to move the item up or down
* host control and shift and use the up / down arrow keys to move the item to the first or last position
* Audio support for pages
* ability to upload mp3 files to each page
* little icon to denote if the page has audio.
* ability to record your microphone and have it convert to mp3 in your browser.
* Made score selection more consistent
* Made the selection on the design page stand out more
* Changed slideshare embeds to pick up the page background colour better.